Add API Gateway Module documentation (#493)
kyma-project/api-gateway: docs/user/03-technical-reference/configuration-parameters/01-10-api-gateway-operator-parameters.md

# API Gateway Operator parameters 

You can configure the [API Gateway Controller](../../00-10-overview-api-gateway-controller.md) and [API Rule Controller](../../00-20-overview-api-rule-controller.md) using various parameters. All options are listed in this document.

## Reconciliation interval

### APIGateway

> The APIGateway custom resource is reconciled by Kyma API Gateway Operator every 10 hours or whenever it is changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kyma API Gateway Operator reconciles the APIGateway custom resource every 10 hours or whenever it is changed.
```

### APIRule

> By default, APIRules are reconciled by Kyma API Gateway Operator every 60 minutes or whenever the APIRule is changed. You can adjust this interval by modifying the operator's parameters. For example, you can set the **-reconciliation-interval** parameter to `120s`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Kyma API Gateway Operator reconciles APIRules every 60 minutes or whenever the APIRule is changed. You can adjust this interval by modifying the operator's parameters. For example, you can set the **-reconciliation-interval** parameter to `120s`.
```
